README.md, before:

# Gemini Flash Image Transformation

A web application that uses the Gemini API to transform images based on user prompts. This application allows users to upload a reference image and provides a prompt to generate transformed versions of that image.

## Features

- Upload a reference image
- Provide a transformation prompt
- Generate 6 different transformed versions of the image
- Modern, responsive UI
- Download generated images

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- NPM (v8 or higher)
- A valid [Google Gemini API key](https://ai.google.dev/)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd gemini-flash
   ```

2. Install dependencies
   ```
   npm install
   ```

3. Set up environment variables
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your Gemini API key:
   ```
   GOOGLE_GEMINI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

4. Build the application
   ```
   npm run build
   ```

5. Start the server
   ```
   npm start
   ```

6. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000

## Development

To run the application in development mode with hot reloading:
```
npm run dev
```

## How It Works

1. The user uploads a reference image
2. The user provides a prompt for the transformation (e.g., "turn my character into a studio ghibli character")
3. The application sends the image and prompt to the Gemini API
4. The API processes the request and generates 6 different transformed versions of the image
5. The application displays the generated images for the user to select from
6. The user can download any of the generated images

## Technologies Used

- TypeScript
- Express.js
- Gemini AI API
- HTML/CSS/JavaScript
- Multer for file uploads

## API Endpoints

- `POST /api/generate`: Generates transformed images from a reference image and prompt
  - Parameters:
    - `image`: The reference image file
    - `prompt`: The transformation prompt
    - `numImages`: Number of images to generate (default: 6)
  - Response:
    - `images`: Array of URLs to the generated images

## License

ISC

Commit message:

update package to use google-genai

README.md, after:

# Gemini Flash Image Transformation

A web application that uses the Gemini API to transform images based on user prompts. This application allows users to upload a reference image and provides a prompt to generate transformed versions of that image.

## Features

- Upload a reference image
- Provide a transformation prompt
- Generate 6 different transformed versions of the image
- Modern, responsive UI
- Download generated images

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- NPM (v8 or higher)
- A valid [Google Gemini API key](https://ai.google.dev/)

## Installation

1. Clone the repository
   ```
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd gemini-flash
   ```

2. Install dependencies
   ```
   npm install
   ```

3. Set up environment variables
   Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your Gemini API key:
   ```
   GOOGLE_GEMINI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

4. Build the application
   ```
   npm run build
   ```

5. Start the server
   ```
   npm start
   ```

6. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000

## Development

To run the application in development mode with hot reloading:
```
npm run dev
```

## How It Works

1. The user uploads a reference image
2. The user provides a prompt for the transformation (e.g., "turn my character into a studio ghibli character")
3. The application sends the image and prompt to the Gemini API
4. The backend uses the `gemini-2.0-flash-exp-image-generation` model via the `@google/genai` SDK to process the request and generate up to 6 different transformed versions of the image in parallel.
5. The application displays the generated images for the user to select from
6. The user can download any of the generated images

## Technologies Used

- TypeScript
- Express.js
- Google Gemini API (using `@google/genai` SDK and `gemini-2.0-flash-exp-image-generation` model)
- HTML/CSS/JavaScript
- Multer for file uploads

## API Endpoints

- `POST /api/generate`: Generates transformed images from a reference image and prompt
  - Parameters:
    - `image`: The reference image file
    - `prompt`: The transformation prompt
    - `numImages`: Number of images to generate (default: 6)
  - Response:
    - `images`: Array of URLs to the generated images

## License

ISC
